README.md, before:

# cctray hub

This service translates the github workflow API to the CCTray (cc.xml) format to allow seeing your build chain status on your desktop
in tools like [BuildNotify](https://anaynayak.github.io/buildnotify/) or [ccmenu](https://ccmenu.org/)

<img alt="buildnotify example" src="buildnotify.png">

## how to use

cctray-hub provides dynamic URLs based on three strings that you need to provide:

* repo owner
* repo name
* workflow name or id

```http://localhost:8080/cctray/<organisation-or-owner>/<repo>/<workfow-name-or-id>```

for cctray itself this will be:

```http://localhost:8080/cctray/idealo/cctray-hub/gradle.yml```


Note that cctray-hub will query builds from the main branch per default. 
If you need other (or even all) branches to get queried as well, feel free to open an issue.

Basic auth can be autoconfigured by setting the following application properties:

`cctray-hub.username=YOUR_USERNAME`

`cctray-hub.password=YOUR_PASSWORD`

## references

CCTray spec
* https://cctray.org/v1/

github docs regarding workflows
* https://docs.github.com/en/rest/reference/actions#get-a-workflow

## credits

cctray-hub is heavily inspired by this project: https://github.com/joejag/github-cctray

Commit message:

Extend logging cababilities (#18)
* Activate logback by adding servlet container config and adding dependencies

* use logstash logback json encoder for application and access log, remove logback json dependencies, update readme

README.md, after:

# cctray hub

This service translates the github workflow API to the CCTray (cc.xml) format to allow seeing your build chain status on your desktop
in tools like [BuildNotify](https://anaynayak.github.io/buildnotify/) or [ccmenu](https://ccmenu.org/)

<img alt="buildnotify example" src="buildnotify.png">

## how to use

cctray-hub provides dynamic URLs based on three strings that you need to provide:

* repo owner
* repo name
* workflow name or id

```http://localhost:8080/cctray/<organisation-or-owner>/<repo>/<workfow-name-or-id>```

for cctray itself this will be:

```http://localhost:8080/cctray/idealo/cctray-hub/gradle.yml```


Note that cctray-hub will query builds from the main branch per default. 
If you need other (or even all) branches to get queried as well, feel free to open an issue.

Basic auth can be autoconfigured by setting the following application properties:

`cctray-hub.username=YOUR_USERNAME`

`cctray-hub.password=YOUR_PASSWORD`

Access logs via log back can be enabled by setting the following application property:

`cctray-hub.access-log=true`

## references

CCTray spec
* https://cctray.org/v1/

github docs regarding workflows
* https://docs.github.com/en/rest/reference/actions#get-a-workflow

## credits

cctray-hub is heavily inspired by this project: https://github.com/joejag/github-cctray
